Fan Controller Notes

Assumptions
	The system will be comprised of a vented and solar shielded battery enclosure
	that contains one or more batteries that are used as a power source in the
	overall system. Typical installations will be outdoors exposed to the 
	local weather conditions. The batteries may recieve charging curent from a
	variety of sources including solar panels, wind turbines, or an engine
	driven altenator. The fan controller device will not be exposed directly to the
	weather

Purpose
	The purpose of the fan controller is to circulate air from outside the
	battery enclosure to either cool or heat the battery as required.
	Maintaining the battery temperature within a suitable range will extend the
	life of the battery.

Implementation
	The controller will consist of:
	
	A microprocessor based board with custom software
	
	2 LED indicators, 1 each Tricolor red/blue/green and 1 green
		Tricolor 1 (only green is used)
		Green On - Fan On       Off - Fan Off  Flashing - Fan fault
		Tricolor 2 
		Red On - heating mode   Flashing - Battery Thermistor Fault 
		Blue On - cooling mode  Flashing - Ambient Thermistor Fault
		Green On - OK mode  	Flashing Fast - Heat/Cool unavailable
	
	2 Fans consuming 6.6W each at 12V (0.55A). The fans will have a locked rotor
	signal so fan operation may be monitored by the controller

	2 Thermistor inputs for monitoring the temperature of the battery and the
	ambient air temperature in the immediate vacinity of the battery enclosure

	A voltage input to measure the battery voltage for a low voltage
	disconenct feature. The the battery voltage is <10V it will be 
	dissconnected or the controller will enter a low power state to
	prevent the battery from being further depleted
	The controller will be powered from the bateries which are being monitored.
	The acceptable voltage input to the controller will be 6V to 20V 
	The controller will tolerate reverse voltage input without permenant damage
	
	The controller will consume no more than 15 watts total in normal operation
	including the 13.2W fan loads
	
	When idle, the controller will sleep to reduce power consumption
	
	The controller will actuate the fan in the following manner:
		If the battery temperature is 50F to 75F no action is taken, the fan is
		off and the green tricolor LED is illuminated
		If the battery temperature is >75F and the ambient temperature is at
		least 5 degrees cooler than the battery, the fan will operate to cool
		the battery and the Tricolor Blue LED is illuminated
		If the battery temperature is <50F and the ambient temperature is at
		least 5 degrees warmer than the battery, the fan will operate to heat
		the battery and the Red Tricolor LED is illuminated
		If heating or cooling is required, but tke ambient air temperature is
		unacceptable, the green OK light will flash
		If the "Fan On" contact input is shorted, the fan will run with no
		regard to battery or air temperature
		At power on, the fan will run for 10 seconds for purposes of testing the
		fan operation
		The fan will be acutated in such a manner to reduce the surge current 
		of the fan motor startup

	Fault Conditions
		An open or shorted thermistor will cause the red and/or blue LED to flash
		If the fan will not operate the green "fan on" LED will flash

 	Additional points to consider
		What behavior should occur if the system is stored but batteries/fan
		controller are powered?
		There should be a deep sleep condition. How to wake up?
		